Readme and Changelog added (#1)
friedcucumber/wpf-themedesigner-app: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file lists all the notable changes to this project.
```

## Theme Designer 19.1.1 - 2019-03-07

### New Features

* Incremental build.

> * Output window now can display the  **Build Output**, **Preview Output**, and **Logs**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The output window now can display the  **Build Output**, **Preview Output**, and **Logs**.
```

    <img src="media/Changelogs/19.1-output-window.png" width="50%" alt="Theme Designer 19.1 - Output Window"/>

### Enhancements

> * Application layout has changed to the borderless.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The application's layout has changed to borderless.
```

Reviewer: Why 'the' borderless?

> * Theme Designer remembers opened files in a theme and opens these files after you reopen the theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Theme Designer remembers opened files in a theme and opens these files after you reopen the theme.
```

Reviewer: 'opened' 'opens' 'reopen'? Rewrite.

Author: @dirk-pieterse 
When you close a theme solution, Theme Designer remembers the files you had open previously and restores them when you re-open the theme solution.

> * Resolve Merge Conflicts - you can choose a file version without using the KDiff3 tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Resolved Merge Conflicts - you do not need to use the KDiff3 tool to choose a file version.
```
